on the edge of the American desert lies
a forest turned to stone
the Petrified Forest grim silent
mysterious here in the lonely desert
tavern fate draws together a strange
company Alan Squier of vagabond
adventure running away from his past
Gabrielle maple a beautiful girl weary
of the desert solitude eager to escape
with the first man who comes her way
Boze Hammond an ex-football hero down on
his luck Paul Chisholm multi-millionaire
banker vacationing with his
disillusioned young wife Dorothy grant
maple a sly old reprobate and Duke
Mantee vicious leader of a notorious
band of gunmen hiding out after a gang
Massacre in a short space of 24 eventful
hours these characters live a lifetime
of romance adventure terror and tragedy
it's one of the most unusual stories
ever brought to the screen the Petrified
Forest well if you must know I'll tell
you the extent of my pride Gabrielle
gave me this dollar you did it's none of
your business
would you like to know what she was
gonna give me when those rats showed up
would you like to know all the low BL
now you mustn't blame Bo's you must
remember he's a man of muscle he's
suffering from the pangs of frustration
I said you wanna do you know
I'm sorry Gaby I didn't mean an honest
statement they've got me absolutely
crazy man with all those guns staring me
in the face
step over at the other side of the room
halfback wouldn't you like someone to be
in love with you
yes can't be a lie I would like someone
in love with me
do you think I'm attractive
there are better words than that for
what you are
do you mind if I speak up my dear
perhaps I could tell you some things
that what do you know about me I don't
know about you my dear but I do know
what it means to repress yourself and
starve yourself what were you saying
I'm telling you for your own good manche
they know why you're a heading to pick
up your trail and they'll get you
what's the matter when you do discipline
stop give me time to take no do you want
revenge don't you you want to go out of
your way again to get that blonde who
snitched well don't do it Duke she has
snitched
come on Duke I told you the shadow no
they're gonna get you anyway you're
obsolete Duke like me you've got to die
well then dive of freedom that's worth
it don't give up your life or anything
so cheap and unsatisfactory as revenge
any woman's worth everything that any
man has to give anguish ecstasy faith
jealousy love hatred life or death
sometimes I feel as if I was sparkling
all over and I want to go out and do
something absolutely crazy and marvelous
just keep in mind that I and the boys as
candidates for hanging the first time
any one of you makes a wrong move I'm
gonna kill the whole lot of you
you